
Title: The Naughty Prisoner Escape

	
Everyone does something illegal once in your lifetime. Sometimes more than once. 
And sometimes you get caught. You ended in prison... because you farted in near an officer's face. 
Because you are frustrated your prison, you start a prison riot and try to leave jail but then get 
caught by the same police that arrested you for farting in his presence. He tells you "If really 
think you aren't guilty for this very offensive crime, I would like you to escape out of this 
special prison cell. If you do, I will personally escort you jail. If you don't, you will be 
locked in here for life. From looking at you, I know Darwin is right. CLANG. The door shuts behind 
you. *insert evil laughter here* Don't worry I put common sense stuff for you. Good freaking luck. 
You will need it because you can't even pour the water out of boot if the instructions were on 
the heel. You've got one hour. Tick Tock"

Games Ideas: 

- Using controversial food topics, internet meme knowledge, riddles, and simple escape room tactics
to solve this game. 

- Just using things in past escape rooms that I have been to and use that to create an escape room. 

- Try figuring out a series of riddles that will unlock multiple pieces of a puzzle.

Walkthrough: 

- The game will start off with controversial food topics. So I will ask them to find out that 
pineapple will belong on pizza. It will be the password to the cookbook which will allow you to 
get a pizza box. Then, after lifiting the pizza from the pizza box you will have a paper with
the number 9 on it. (it will be for later).

- Then they will use the time to unlock the leather bag (3-digit combo). It will contain a plus paper after opening 
up the bag. 

- Later you will open up a purse (4-digit combo) using the date on the clock. It will contain a ten paper.

- Then, by opening up the expired bread you will find the expiration date which will unlock the blackboard
which is a 6 digit combo. Then, it will show milk, cereal, spoon, and bowl. It will show the order 
of how you are supposed to make cereal. You can use the milk and cereal and order command to see
if the order is correct. Then, use the numbers to order them to open up the brick wall which will contain the equal sign. 

- By putting all those pieces together you can see that you will create 9 + 10 = .  Referring to the vine, 
the answer will be 21. But, you have to say it by writing the command "say 21". It will give you th final piece. 

- Using the combine command you can put all these pieces together to magically get the platinum key and escape.
